:book: doc: validating and parsing CRD fields (#4396)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/faq.md

You can review the design of your APIs and see if it has not more specs than should be by hurting single responsibility principle for example. So that you might to re-design them.

> ## Validating and parsing CRDs' fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I validate and parse fields in CRDs effectively?
```

Since it is a FAQ what about we use questions here?

> For better user experience, it is good to use [OpenAPI v3 schema](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.0.md#schemaObject) validation when writing your CRDs.
> Sometimes, this approach can create an extra parsing step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance user experience, it is recommended to use [OpenAPI v3 schema](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.0.md#schemaObject) validation when writing your CRDs. However, this approach can sometimes require an additional parsing step.
```

For example, consider this code
```go
type StructName struct {
	// +kubebuilder:validation:Format=date-time
	TimeField string `json:"timeField,omitempty"`
}
```

> Users would have error notification from Kubernetes API when trying to create CRD with wrong `timefield` value, but on developer side, the string value would need parsing prior to usage.
> 
> To have both good user and developer experience, it is good to use pre defined types, like [`metav1.Time`](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery@v0.31.1/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Time).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What happens in this scenario?

- Users will receive an error notification from the Kubernetes API if they attempt to create a CRD with an invalid timeField value.
- On the developer side, the string value needs to be parsed manually before use.

### Is there a better approach?

To provide both a better user experience and a streamlined developer experience, it is advisable to use predefined types like [`metav1.Time`](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apimachinery@v0.31.1/pkg/apis/meta/v1#Time)
```

> For example, consider this code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**
```

Author: added title instead

```go
type StructName struct {
	TimeField metav1.Time `json:"timeField,omitempty"`
}
```

> Users would have error notification from Kubernetes API when trying to create CRD with wrong `timefield` value, and developers would already have parsed time field to use in code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Users still receive error notifications from the Kubernetes API for invalid `timeField` values.
- Developers can directly use the parsed TimeField in their code without additional parsing, reducing errors and improving efficiency.

```
